SDK 3.39.1/3.40.0-preview.1: Adds version bump and changelog. (#4430)
Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3: changelog.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### <a name="3.40.0-preview.1"/> [3.40.0-preview.1](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos/3.40.0-preview.1) - 2024-04-17
### <a name="3.39.1"/> [3.39.1](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos/3.39.1) - 2024-04-17

#### Fixed

> - [4426](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/4426) ChangeFeedProcessor: Fixes a bug properly when dealing with Legacy lease incremental documents that do not have a Mode property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [4426](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/4426) ChangeFeedProcessor: Fixes ArgumentException when dealing with Legacy lease incremental documents that do not have a Mode property
```

mentioning the error the user will actually see makes it easier to be discoverable if they search the changelog
